1. Maquillage sophistiqué nude;her makeup is sophisticated and nude with perfected matte skin and sculpted contour with defined brows and a soft brown smoky eye with nude matte lips
2. Smoky eye noir classique;she wears a classic black smoky eye with blended dark eyeshadow and smudged liner with dramatic lashes on a flawless base with nude lips
3. Smoky eye brun intense;she has an intense brown smoky eye with warm tones blended outward and bronzed lids with a defined crease on glowing skin with nude gloss lips
4. Cat eye sharp;she wears a sharp winged eyeliner with a precise black flick extending outward on a clean lid giving a dramatic feline effect with matte skin and nude pink lips
5. Cat eye double;she has double winged liner with graphic black lines above and below her eye in editorial precision with bare lips
6. Lèvres rouge sombre;her lips are painted in dark red matte lipstick in a deep burgundy-wine shade perfectly lined with minimal eye makeup for dramatic powerful femininity
7. Lèvres bordeaux mat;she wears matte bordeaux lips in a rich wine color with velvety finish and a subtle smoky eye for sophisticated dark romance
8. Lèvres noir mat;she wears matte black lipstick perfectly applied for gothic elegance with minimal eye makeup as an extreme high fashion statement
9. Lèvres prune foncé;she wears dark plum matte lips in a purple-burgundy shade with soft smoky eyes for mysterious autumnal allure
10. Regard intense khôl;her eyes are heavily kohled with black liner smudged around her entire eye giving a sultry smoky Middle Eastern inspired look with nude lips
11. Yeux glossy éditorial;she wears glossy wet-look eyeshadow with reflective lids in an editorial high-fashion avant-garde look with minimal other makeup
12. Contouring sculptural;her face is heavily sculpted with contour showing chiseled cheekbones and a defined jawline in architectural model-perfect matte finish
13. Highlight intense;she has intense highlighter on her cheekbones and brow bone with a strobing effect giving glowing wet-look glamorous luminosity
14. Maquillage monochrome brun;her makeup is monochromatic brown with matching eyeshadow and lips in warm brown for cohesive tonal elegance
15. Maquillage monochrome bordeaux;her makeup is monochromatic burgundy with wine-toned eyes and lips in a unified dark romantic palette
16. Sourcils architecturaux;her brows are strongly defined and architectural with sharp angles that are bold and groomed as a powerful framing statement
17. Faux cils dramatiques;she wears dramatic false lashes with full volume and extreme length giving doll-like glamorous widened eyes
18. Eyeliner graphique;she wears graphic eyeliner with geometric shapes and artistic lines as an editorial wearable art statement
19. Paillettes yeux;she has glitter eyeshadow with fine sparkle on her lids catching light for festive glamorous celebratory nights
20. Teint porcelaine mat;her skin has a flawless porcelain matte finish that is perfected and airbrushed with doll-like ethereal pale beauty
21. Blush sculptant;her blush is placed to sculpt and lift her cheekbones rather than round them emphasizing bone structure with sophisticated application
22. Regard fumé violet;she wears a purple smoky eye with deep violet and plum shades blended for mysterious unusual artistic choice
