1. Maquillage naturel zéro;her face is completely bare with no makeup showing her natural skin texture and a slight natural flush on her cheeks
2. Maquillage invisible;she wears barely-there makeup with just a sheer tinted moisturizer and clear mascara brushed through her lashes and translucent lip balm
3. Maquillage naturel léger;she has light natural makeup with subtle concealer under her eyes and one coat of brown mascara with a soft peachy-pink lip tint
4. Maquillage frais quotidien;she wears everyday fresh makeup with light coverage foundation giving a dewy finish and soft brown mascara with nude-pink lipstick
5. Maquillage nude sophistiqué;her makeup is refined and nude with perfected skin in a satin finish and defined natural brows with brown-black mascara and nude mauve lips
6. Teint glowy naturel;her skin has a glowing luminous base with subtle highlighter on her cheekbones and minimal eye makeup with glossy nude lips
7. Maquillage effet bonne mine;she has a healthy radiant makeup look with warm peachy blush on her cheeks and soft bronze on her eyelids with coral-tinted lip gloss
8. Maquillage working girl;her makeup is polished and professional with a flawless matte base and subtle taupe eyeshadow with black mascara and nude-rose lipstick
9. Maquillage brunch;she wears relaxed daytime makeup with light coverage and a natural finish with soft pink blush and curled lashes with berry lip tint
10. Maquillage plage;her makeup is waterproof and minimal with just tinted sunscreen as a base and waterproof mascara with coconut lip balm
11. Maquillage sport;she has minimal athletic makeup with just mattifying primer and clear brow gel with tinted lip balm
12. Maquillage d'été léger;her summer makeup is light and fresh with a sheer bronzy base and golden highlight on her cheekbones with waterproof brown mascara and peach lip gloss
13. Maquillage d'hiver doux;she wears soft winter makeup with a hydrating base in a satin finish and soft rose blush with black mascara and berry-toned lip balm
14. Maquillage romantique jour;her makeup is soft and romantic for daytime with flushed pink cheeks and subtle shimmer on her inner corners with fluttery lashes and rose petal lips
15. Maquillage photo naturel;her makeup is camera-ready but natural looking with a perfected but undetectable base and softly defined eyes with groomed full brows and natural pink lips
16. Sourcils brossés naturels;her brows are brushed up naturally with clear brow gel lifting the hairs upward with minimal other makeup
17. Joues rosées fraîches;her cheeks have a fresh rosy flush with natural base and cream blush in soft coral dabbed on her cheeks and nose tip
18. Lèvres nude mat;her lips are the focus wearing a perfectly applied nude-beige matte lipstick with perfected skin and minimal eye makeup
19. Maquillage no-makeup makeup;she wears expert no-makeup makeup where her base work is imperceptible and her skin looks naturally flawless with lashes that look naturally full
20. Maquillage lendemain de fête;she has minimal morning-after makeup with slightly smudged remnants of yesterday's mascara cleaned up with fresh concealer and tinted lip balm
