1. Pull cachemire crème;she wears a cream cashmere crewneck sweater in fine gauge knit with a relaxed fit and sleeves pushed up
2. Pull cachemire gris;she wears a grey cashmere V-neck sweater that is lightweight with elegant drape and subtle ribbing at the cuffs
3. Pull cachemire noir;she wears a black cashmere crewneck sweater with a fitted silhouette in smooth fine knit
4. Pull col V marine;she wears a navy blue merino wool V-neck sweater with a classic fit in thin preppy knit
5. Pull col roulé oversize beige;she wears an oversized beige turtleneck sweater in chunky ribbed knit with a cocoon fit
6. Pull col roulé oversize gris;she wears an oversized grey turtleneck sweater in thick wool blend with dropped shoulders
7. Cardigan beige fin;she wears a fine gauge beige cardigan with a V-neck and small buttons in a relaxed fit
8. Cardigan noir boutonné;she wears a black wool cardigan with a round neck and gold buttons in a fitted classic French girl style
9. Cardigan gris oversize;she wears an oversized grey cardigan in chunky knit with patch pockets in cozy open-front style
10. Cardigan crème torsadé;she wears a cream cable-knit cardigan with chunky texture and wooden buttons giving countryside charm
11. Gilet sans manches camel;she wears a camel sleeveless sweater vest with a V-neck in fine knit layered over a shirt
12. Gilet sans manches gris;she wears a grey wool sweater vest that is fitted with ribbed trim for scholarly layering
13. Pull marinière;she wears a navy and cream striped sweater with a boat neck and slightly boxy fit in nautical classic style
14. Pull côtelé ivoire;she wears an ivory ribbed sweater with a mockneck and fitted textured vertical ribs
15. Sweat gris classique;she wears a grey cotton crewneck sweatshirt with brushed interior in relaxed weekend fit
16. Sweat noir oversize;she wears a black oversized sweatshirt with dropped shoulders in athletic cotton urban casual style
17. Hoodie gris chiné;she wears a heather grey cotton hoodie with a kangaroo pocket and drawstring hood
18. Hoodie crème;she wears a cream cotton hoodie with minimal design in a relaxed elevated casual fit
19. Pull jacquard nordique;she wears a cream wool sweater with a subtle Nordic pattern and round neck for winter holiday charm
20. Pull mohair rose poudré;she wears a dusty pink mohair sweater that is slightly sheer with a fuzzy romantic texture
21. Gilet tricot beige;she wears a beige button-front knit vest with a V-neck in chunky knit layered over shirts
22. Pull tennis blanc;she wears a white cotton cable-knit sweater with a V-neck and navy and red trim in sporty preppy style
23. Sweatshirt zippé marine;she wears a navy quarter-zip sweatshirt with a stand collar in athletic sailing-inspired style
24. Pull col bateau écru;she wears an écru cotton sweater with a wide boat neck and three-quarter sleeves in French Riviera style
