1. Pieds nus sol;her feet are barefoot and visible on the floor in an indoor or beach setting
2. Sneakers blanches cuir;she wears white leather low-top sneakers with a clean minimal design and off-white rubber sole
3. Sneakers blanches toile;she wears white canvas sneakers in classic tennis style with a rubber toe cap
4. Sneakers noires;she wears black leather sneakers that are low-top with minimal design and clean lines
5. Sneakers running grises;she wears grey running sneakers with a lightweight mesh upper and athletic silhouette
6. Converse blanches;she wears white canvas high-top Converse with the classic silhouette and rubber toe cap
7. Converse noires;she wears black canvas low-top Converse with an all-black sole in urban classic style
8. Bottines noires cuir;she wears black leather ankle boots with a low 4cm block heel and pointed toe with side zipper
9. Bottines noires talon;she wears black leather ankle boots with a higher 6cm block heel for elegant day-to-night versatility
10. Bottines chelsea noires;she wears black leather Chelsea boots with elastic side panels and a low heel in androgynous classic style
11. Bottines chelsea marron;she wears tan brown leather Chelsea boots with pull tabs and a stacked heel
12. Bottines daim beige;she wears beige suede ankle boots with a low heel and soft texture giving autumn warmth
13. Bottes cavalières noires;she wears black leather knee-high riding boots with a flat heel and gold buckle detail
14. Bottes cavalières marron;she wears cognac brown leather riding boots in classic polished equestrian style
15. Bottes cuissardes noires;she wears black suede over-the-knee boots with a low heel and fitted shaft
16. Ballerines noires;she wears black leather ballet flats with a round toe and thin sole in classic feminine comfortable style
17. Ballerines nude;she wears nude leather ballet flats in a soft pink-beige tone that elongates her leg line
18. Ballerines rouges;she wears red leather ballet flats as a bold accent color giving a playful Parisian touch
19. Mocassins noirs;she wears black leather penny loafers in classic style with a low stacked heel
20. Mocassins marron;she wears tan brown leather loafers with natural stitching and slightly worn patina
21. Mocassins bordeaux;she wears burgundy leather loafers in a rich wine tone with gold horsebit detail
22. Derbies noires;she wears black leather oxford shoes with wingtip detail in menswear-inspired androgynous style
23. Escarpins noirs classiques;she wears black leather pumps with a 7cm heel and pointed toe in professional timeless elegance
24. Escarpins nude;she wears nude leather pumps with a 7cm heel and pointed toe that lengthen her legs
25. Escarpins rouges;she wears red leather pumps with a 7cm heel as a bold classic power color statement
26. Sandales plates noires;she wears black leather flat sandals with minimal straps and thin sole as a summer essential
27. Sandales plates dorées;she wears gold metallic flat sandals with delicate straps in grecian-inspired summer evening style
28. Sandales compensées beige;she wears beige espadrille wedge sandals with an ankle strap and jute platform
29. Sandales talon noires;she wears black leather heeled sandals with thin straps and a 7cm heel for elegant summer evenings
30. Espadrilles naturelles;she wears natural jute espadrilles with a cream canvas top that are flat in casual French Riviera style
31. Mules noires talon;she wears black leather mules with a 5cm block heel and open back as easy elegant slip-ons
32. Mules plates beige;she wears beige leather flat mules with minimal design as easy summer slides
33. Tongs cuir marron;she wears brown leather flip-flops that are simple and minimal for beach wear
34. Baskets dad shoes blanches;she wears chunky white dad sneakers with a platform sole in retro sporty streetwear style
35. Bottes pluie noires;she wears black rubber rain boots at knee-high with a matte finish for practical rainy weather
36. Bottes neige;she wears warm winter boots that are waterproof black with faux fur lining for snow
37. Chaussures bateau;she wears tan leather boat shoes with a white rubber sole in nautical preppy sailing style
38. Chaussons intérieur;she wears soft grey wool house slippers for cozy indoor warmth in a relaxed home setting
39. Chaussures randonnée;she wears tan suede hiking boots with a rugged sole and ankle support for outdoor adventures
40. Bottes équitation hautes;she wears tall black leather riding boots with a fitted shaft and small spur ridge for equestrian competition
