1. Regard direct caméra;she is looking directly into the camera lens making eye contact with the viewer in engaging confrontational connection
2. Regard légèrement décalé;she is looking just past the camera with her gaze slightly off-center creating editorial distant mood
3. Regard vers le bas;she is looking downward with her eyes cast down appearing contemplative shy or submissive
4. Regard vers le haut;she is looking upward with her eyes lifted appearing dreamy hopeful or divine
5. Regard côté gauche;she is looking to the left with her gaze directed off-frame as if seeing something we cannot see
6. Regard côté droit;she is looking to the right with off-camera interest suggesting narrative beyond the frame
7. Regard lointain;she has a faraway gaze looking at nothing specific appearing lost in thought and dreamy
8. Yeux fermés;her eyes are closed appearing peaceful ecstatic or sleeping in an internal private moment
9. Yeux mi-clos;her eyes are half-closed in sleepy or sensual bedroom eyes giving a sultry look
10. Regard par-dessous;she is looking up from under her brow with her chin down and eyes up appearing seductive or shy
11. Regard perçant;she has a piercing direct gaze with intense eye contact that is powerful and unflinching
12. Regard doux;she has a soft gentle gaze that is warm inviting kind and approachable
13. Regard défiant;she has a defiant challenging gaze that is confrontational strong and rebellious
14. Regard amusé;she has an amused playful gaze with a hint of smile in her eyes appearing mischievous
15. Regard vide;she has a vacant stare looking through the camera appearing disconnected in editorial cool style
16. Regard suivant objet;her eyes are following something in motion creating a dynamic caught-moment gaze
17. Regard introspectif;she has an introspective gaze looking inward appearing thoughtful and deep
18. Yeux écarquillés;she has wide-eyed gaze appearing surprised innocent or dramatic with open expression
19. Regard en coin;she is giving a sidelong glance looking from the corner of her eye appearing suspicious or flirtatious
20. Clin d'oeil;she is winking with one eye closed in playful cheeky direct engagement with the viewer
