1. Yeux neutres détendus;her eyes are neutral and relaxed in calm unstudied natural resting expression
2. Yeux doux chaleureux;her eyes are soft and warm with visible kindness in gentle inviting expression
3. Regard intense concentré;her gaze is intense and focused with piercing eye contact showing powerful presence
4. Yeux plissés légèrement;her eyes are slightly squinted either smiling or skeptical in expressive narrowed look
5. Yeux grands ouverts;her eyes are wide open appearing alert surprised or innocent with dramatic openness
6. Yeux mi-clos sensuels;her eyes are half-closed in sensual bedroom eyes appearing sleepy seductive
7. Yeux rieurs;her eyes are laughing with crinkles at the corners showing genuine joy and smile in her eyes
8. Regard perçant froid;her gaze is cold and piercing in ice queen expression appearing distant and powerful
9. Yeux tristes mélancoliques;her eyes are sad and melancholic with visible sorrow showing emotional vulnerability
10. Regard rêveur lointain;her eyes have a dreamy faraway look as if lost in thought appearing romantic and distant
11. Yeux brillants émus;her eyes are bright with emotion possibly with tears appearing moved and touched
12. Regard défiant provocant;her gaze is defiant and provocative challenging the viewer with rebellious spirit
13. Yeux fatigués;her eyes appear tired and exhausted showing beautiful vulnerability in late night look
14. Regard amusé espiègle;her eyes have an amused mischievous look with playful glint appearing to know something
15. Yeux écarquillés choqués;her eyes are wide in shock appearing surprised or fearful in dramatic moment
16. Regard séducteur;her gaze is seductive with intentional attraction appearing confident and inviting
17. Yeux paisibles sereins;her eyes are peaceful and serene showing inner calm in quiet meditative expression
18. Regard scrutateur;her gaze is scrutinizing as if examining the viewer appearing analytical and penetrating
19. Sourcils relevés questionnement;her eyebrows are raised appearing questioning or surprised in expressive gesture
20. Regard laser fixe;her gaze is laser-focused in unblinking intensity with hypnotic staring presence
